Privacy Policy
This policy explains how the GIZAH website and related applications (the “Site”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and protects the personal information that we collect through this site or different channels. StackFood has established the site to link up the users who need foods or grocery items to be shipped or delivered by the riders from the affiliated restaurants or shops to the desired location. This policy also applies to any mobile applications that we develop for use with our services on the Site, and references to this “Site”, “we” or “us” is intended to also include these mobile applications. Please read below to learn more about our information policies. By using this Site, you agree to these policies.

YOUR CONSENT

By using the GIZAH Platform and the Services, you agree and consent to the collection, transfer, use, storage, disclosure and sharing of your information as described and collected by us in accordance with this Policy.  If you do not agree with the Policy, please do not use or access the GIZAH 

Platform.


POLICY CHANGES

We may occasionally update this Policy and such changes will be posted on this page. If we make any significant changes to this Policy we will endeavor to provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via prominent notice on the GIZAH Platform or to your email address on record and where required by applicable law, we will obtain your consent. To the extent permitted under the applicable law, your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to this Policy shall constitute your consent to the updated Policy.

LINKS TO OTHER WEBSITES

The GIZAH Platform may contain links to other websites. Any personal information about you collected whilst visiting such websites is not governed by this Policy. GIZAH shall not be responsible for and has no control over the practices and content of any website accessed using the links contained on the GIZAH Platform. This Policy shall not apply to any information you may disclose to any of our service providers/service personnel which we do not require you to disclose to us or any of our service providers under this Policy

How the Information is collected
Information provided by web browser
You have to provide us with personal information like your name, contact no, mailing address and email id, our app will also fetch your location information in order to give you the best service. Like many other websites, we may record information that your web browser routinely shares, such as your browser type, browser language, software and hardware attributes, the date and time of your visit, the web page from which you came, your Internet Protocol address and the geographic location associated with that address, the pages on this Site that you visit and the time you spent on those pages. This will generally be anonymous data that we collect on an aggregate basis.

Personal Information that you provide
If you want to use our service, you must create an account on our Site. To establish your account, we will ask for personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you, which may include your name, phone number, and e-mail address. We may also collect demographic information about you, such as your zip code, and allow you to submit additional information that will be part of your profile. Other than basic information that we need to establish your account, it will be up to you to decide how much information to share as part of your profile. We encourage you to think carefully about the information that you share and we recommend that you guard your identity and your sensitive information. Of course, you can review and revise your profile at any time.

Payment Information
To make the payment online for availing our services, you have to provide the bank account, mobile financial service (MFS), debit card, credit card information to the StackFood platform.

How the Information is collected
Session and Persistent Cookies
Cookies are small text files that are placed on your computer by websites that you visit. They are widely used in order to make websites work, or work more efficiently, as well as to provide information to the owners of the site. As is commonly done on websites, we may use cookies and similar technology to keep track of our users and the services they have elected. We use both “session” and “persistent” cookies. Session cookies are deleted after you leave our website and when you close your browser. We use data collected with session cookies to enable certain features on our Site, to help us understand how users interact with our Site, and to monitor at an aggregate level Site usage and web traffic routing. We may allow business partners who provide services to our Site to place cookies on your computer that assist us in analyzing usage data. We do not allow these business partners to collect your personal information from our website except as may be necessary for the services that they provide.

Web Beacons
We may also use web beacons or similar technology to help us track the effectiveness of our communications.

Advertising Cookies
We may use third parties, such as Google, to serve ads about our website over the internet. These third parties may use cookies to identify ads that may be relevant to your interest (for example, based on your recent visit to our website), to limit the number of times that you see an ad, and to measure the effectiveness of the ads.

Google Analytics
We may also use Google Analytics or a similar service to gather statistical information about the visitors to this Site and how they use the Site. This, also, is done on an anonymous basis. We will not try to associate anonymous data with your personally identifiable data. If you would like to learn more about Google Analytics, please click here.

When you communicate with us (via email, phone, through the GIZAH Platform or otherwise), we may maintain a record of your communication;

Location information: Depending on the Services that you use, and your app settings or device permissions, we may collect your real-time information or approximate location information as determined through data such as GPS, IP address;
Usage and Preference Information: We collect information as to how you interact with our Services, preferences expressed and settings chosen. GIZAH Platform includes the GIZAH advertising services (“Ad Services”), which may collect user activity and browsing history within the GIZAH Platform and across third-party sites and online services, including those sites and services that include our ad pixels (“Pixels”), widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related services or through the use of cookies. Our Ad Services collect browsing information including without limitation your Internet protocol (IP) address and location, your login information, browser type and version, date and time stamp, user agent, GIZAH cookie ID (if applicable), time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other information about user activities on the GIZAH Platform, as well as on third party sites and services that have embedded our Pixels, widgets, plug-ins, buttons, or related services;
Transaction Information: We collect transaction details related to your use of our Services, and information about your activity on the Services, including the full Uniform Resource Locators (URL), the type of services you requested or provided, comments, domain names, search results selected, number of clicks, information and pages viewed and searched for, the order of those pages, length of your visit to our Services, the date and time you used the Services, amount charged, details regarding the application of promotional code, methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number and other related transaction details;
Device Information: We may collect information about the devices you use to access our Services, including the hardware models, operating systems and versions, software, file names and versions, preferred languages, unique device identifiers, advertising identifiers, serial numbers, device motion information and mobile network information. Analytics companies may use mobile device IDs to track your usage of the GIZAH Platform;
Stored information and files:  GIZAH mobile application (GIZAH app) may also access metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your mobile device. This may include, for example, photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts and address book information. If you permit the GIZAH app to access the address book on your device, we may collect names and contact information from your address book to facilitate social interactions through our services and for other purposes described in this Policy or at the time of consent or collection. If you permit the GIZAH app to access the calendar on your device, we collect calendar information such as event title and description, your response (Yes, No, Maybe), date and time, location and number of attendees.
If you are a partner restaurant, merchant or a delivery partner, we will, additionally, record your calls with us made from the device used to provide Services, related call details, SMS details location and address details
